Alright. In this video, we have an
assignment for you, and that is to create
a get API for customers, just like our
example here, and gonna give you a little
bit of a challenge. So I'm expecting you
to flush all this out. Because we've been
going through quite a bit of this stuff
in the course. So you should be
comfortable in doing all this. So, what
you do is go in and create the Customer
domain, a DTO object for it,
a repository, and then a Customer Mapper
as well, and a service, and also the
controller layer. So it's gonna be
exactly like we did in this section of
the course for categories. But we wanna
do it for customers. And of course, we
wanna do a Bootstrap class to
initialize the data. I will leave it up
to you as to how to do that. And I'd like
you to follow test-driven development. Of
course, provide unit test coverage for
everything that's involved here, and so
we'll have a very robust set of tests.
Wanted get you through that. And just to
recap, I'm going to come over here to
Chrome. And what we are going to
implement is the up the GET customers. So
don't worry about the metadata. We'll do
that at a future point, but we wanna
implement a JSON object of customers and
that is going to have a list of
customers. So here's an example value
coming back from the API. That's been
exercised here. And then, we also wanna
implement the get by id. And that's gonna
return back a firstname lastname. And
as an extra challenge, actually, we don't
wanna do the orders_url. But up here,
for the customer list, let's implement
the customer_url as well. So I think that
would be a nice touch and a small
challenge for us to work with. So, in the
next video, I will step through
everything. I'll probably do a code
review of most of it. But I'll live code the
controller portion and we can step
through that example real time and get
that up and working. So if you're
uncertain about anything, don't worry. We
will cover the entire assignment
in-depth in the next video.